Concepts to inclulde in github pages  (5 or 6 pages, so keep it brief)

Introduction: I have a PhD in astronomy, other basic info about that
	      studying diff rot, which relates to magnetic fields 
	      include cartoon, Eq. 3.5
	      my project was special because:
	        it covered more stars than anyone else
		established a link between rot and diff rot
		used innovative methods (the obs, the model, etc)
		explored these methods to push modeling to a new level
	      (Include results here?)

Observations: Project had two types of observations
	       spectra (done by me)
	       photometry (done by NASA)
	      The spectra tells me about a star's composition and rotation
	      I can use this information to determine a star's i
	      Eq. 2.2 and Fig. 2.2

	      Photometry tells me about a star's rotation and depending
	      on the model a great deal of other information.
	      (Talk about Kepler for like 2 sentences, this leads to model)
	      Lightcurves, what are they, what are they used for, etc...
	      What causes the variations (spots, some LC fig.)

Model: The model takes a Kepler LC and determines the parameters of 
       the spots which cause the variations.  This info can be used
       to determine the star's diff rot.
       One thing I did was to remove latitude from the model
        this helped to break a degeneracy which causes other astronomers
	problems.  Eq. 3.6
       Aside: other ways of describing diff rot (Eqs. 3.7 and 3.8)

       Least Squares Fitting, Eq. 3.9, I make a LC and compare with 
        the real one.  In total this is done 2,500,000 times per
	CL.  For all LCs (1429) this comes to over 3.5 billion models.
       Need something fast to make this work.
       GA and parallelization are the answers
       Parallelization simply allows the model to run on multiple cores

GA interlude: (Basically all of 3.3.1)

Other Notes:  Synodic periods can be use to predict and verify the
      	      determined spot periods. Eq. 3.11, Fig. 3.1?
	      These periods were determined using Lomb-Scargle which
	      uses a sinusoidal fit to a lightcurve's harmonic content

	      The model was extensively tested to examine how it would
	      behave when confronted with realistic LCs and unusual LCs.
	      The model includes various assumptions and simplifications
	      but the testing indicates that the model is still accurate.
	      (List some of the results?)
